Update sysctl settings recommendations (#251)
PrivSec-dev/privsec.dev: content/posts/linux/Desktop Linux Hardening.md

_See ["2.2&nbsp;Sysctl"](https://madaidans-insecurities.github.io/guides/linux-hardening.html#sysctl) in Madaidan's guide._

> Madaidan recommends that you disable [unprivileged user namespaces](https://github.com/sangam14/CloudNativeLab/blob/master/LXC/Linux%20Containers/User_namespaces.md) due to the [significant attack surface for privilege escalation](https://madaidans-insecurities.github.io/linux.html#kernel). However, some software such as Podman and LXC relies on unprivileged user namespaces. If you wish to use such software, do not disable `kernel.unprivileged_userns_clone`. Note that this setting does not exist in the upstream kernel and is patched in in some downstream distributions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Madaidan recommends that you disable [unprivileged user namespaces](https://github.com/sangam14/CloudNativeLab/blob/master/LXC/Linux%20Containers/User_namespaces.md) due to the [significant attack surface for privilege escalation](https://madaidans-insecurities.github.io/linux.html#kernel). However, some software such as Podman and LXC relies on unprivileged user namespaces. If you wish to use such software, do not disable `kernel.unprivileged_userns_clone`. Note that this setting does not exist in the upstream kernel and is added downstream by some distributions.
```

> If you are using Kicksecure or Whonix, most of this hardening is included by default. If you are using Debian, you should consider [morphing it into Kicksecure](https://www.kicksecure.com/wiki/Debian). On other distributions, you can copy the configuration file from [my repository](https://github.com/TommyTran732/Linux-Setup-Scripts/blob/main/etc/sysctl.d/99-workstation.conf).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Kicksecure or Whonix, most of this hardening is included by default. If you are using Debian, you should consider [morphing it into Kicksecure](https://www.kicksecure.com/wiki/Debian). On other distributions, you can copy the configuration file from [Tommy's repository](https://github.com/TommyTran732/Linux-Setup-Scripts/blob/main/etc/sysctl.d/99-workstation.conf).
```

Author: The post is under my name so it's a bit jackwagon to refer to myself in 3rd person. You wrote a significant amount of it, so if you just add your name to the top then it would be okay.

Reviewer: Most people will pay no attention to the author name at the top, and it is bad form to use first-person singular in academic papers (this is obviously not an academic paper, but in some ways it is and should be modeled after them).

Author: It's better to just add Mr. wj at the top then add this, what do you think? 

And to be fair you wrote a chunk of this so it's fair for your name to be on there

Reviewer: If you want to do that, that's fine. I do think it should say "Tommy's repository" regardless though.

Author: Oki
